Add new feature flags for inheriting Kubernetes resources (#1060) (#1060)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/feature-flags.mdx

| OKTETO_COMPOSE_WAIT_FOR_DEPENDENCIES             | Determines whether the wake job should honor the `depends_on` order defined in Docker Compose files.                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                |                                   
| OKTETO_DEV_PERSISTENT_VOLUME_SIZE                | Override the default [persistent volume](reference/okteto-manifest.mdx#persistentvolume-object-optional) size for Development Containers. Set in [binary SI units](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) (e.g. 2Gi)                                                                                                | N/A                    |
| OKTETO_DISABLE_SPINNER                           | If set, disables the spinner rotation                                                                                                                                                                                           | `false`                |

> | OKTETO_INHERIT_KUBERNETES_RESOURCES              | When enabled, okteto up inherits CPU and memory requests/limits from the original resource                                                                                                                                      | `false`                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OKTETO_INHERIT_KUBERNETES_RESOURCES              | When enabled, development container inherits CPU and memory requests/limits from the original resource (deployment or statefulset) if they are not defined in the Okteto Manifest                                                                                                                                      | `false`                |
```

> | OKTETO_INHERIT_KUBERNETES_NODESELECTOR           | When enabled, okteto up inherits the node selector from the original resource                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OKTETO_INHERIT_KUBERNETES_NODESELECTOR           | When enabled, development container inherits the node selector from the original resource (deployment or statefulset) if it is not defined in the Okteto Manifest                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                |
```
